Small Update to troubleshooting document (#3346)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/troubleshooting/troubleshoot-ingress-controller.md

$ kubectl logs <nginx-ingress-pod> -n nginx-ingress
```

### Enabling debuging for NGINX Ingress Controller

> If you need to do additional troubleshooting for NGINX Ingress controller, there are few additional settings you can configure, to add more verbose logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to do additional troubleshooting for the Ingress Controller, there are a few additional settings you can configure, to add more verbose logging.
```

> There are two settings that need to be set to enable more debug/verbose logging for NGINX Ingress controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two settings that need to be set to enable more debug/verbose logging for the Ingress Controller.
```
Isn't this mostly a repetition of the sentence above?

1. command line arguments
2. configmap settings

This document will cover how to enable both.

> You can use NGINX Ingress controller command line arguments. This is a great way to increase debug log levels for both Ingress as well as NGINX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Ingress Controller command line arguments. This is a great way to increase debug log levels for both the Ingress Controller as well as NGINX.
```

When using `manifest` for deployment:

> 1.) Use the command line argument, `- -nginx-debug` in your deployment/daemonset
> 2.) If you want to increase the Ingress `Controller` process lets, set the command line argument to `v=3`, which collects more information on Ingress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.) Use the command line argument `- -nginx-debug` in your deployment or daemonset
2.) If you want to increase the verbosity of the Ingress Controller process, set the command line argument to `v=3`
```

 ```yaml
 -v=3
 ```

> Here is a small snippet of setting these a command line arguments in the `ARGS` section of a deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a small snippet of setting these command line arguments in the `args` section of a deployment:
```

```yaml
args:
  - -nginx-configmaps=$(POD_NAMESPACE)/nginx-config
  - -enable-cert-manager
  - -nginx-debug
  - -v=3
```

> You can configure `error-log-level` in the NGINX Ingress controller `configMap`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `error-log-level` in the Ingress Controller `configMap`:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure `error-log-level` in the NGINX Ingress Controller `configMap`:
```

The name should be capitalised, but we actually keep the 'NGINX' prefix to product names at all times.

Reviewer: this is not consistent in the docs and we actually have more without `NGINX`...do we have to update them all to add it?

> $ kubectl logs <nginx-ingress-pod> -n nginx-ingress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`kubectl logs <nginx-ingress-pod> -n nginx-ingress`
```

```

### Enabling debuging for NGINX Ingress Controller

> If you need to do additional troubleshooting for the Ingress Controller, there are a few additional settings you can configure, to add more verbose logging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to do additional troubleshooting for the NGINX Ingress Controller, there are a few additional settings for more verbose logging.
```

There are two settings that need to be set to enable more debug/verbose logging for the Ingress Controller.

> 1. command line arguments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Command Line Arguments
```

> 2. configmap settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Configmap Settings
```

This document will cover how to enable both.

> You can use the Ingress Controller command line arguments. This is a great way to increase debug log levels for both the Ingress Controller as well as NGINX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the command line arguments can be used to increase debug log levels for both the NGINX Ingress Controller as well as NGINX itself.
```

Reviewer 2: Rephrased this slightly to be less "familiar" in tone.

2022/10/26 15:39:03 [debug] 19#19: malloc: 000056362AF70E10:524288
2022/10/26 15:39:03 [debug] 19#19: malloc: 000056362AFF0E20:524288
2022/10/26 15:39:03 [debug] 19#19: malloc: 000056362B070E30:524288
2022/10/26 15:39:03 [debug] 19#19: malloc: 000056362B0F0E40:400280
```

Once you have completed your debugging process, you can change the values back to the original values.

Checking the Generated Config
For each Ingress/VirtualServer resource, the Ingress Controller generates a corresponding NGINX configuration file in the /etc/nginx/conf.d folder. Additionally, the Ingress Controller generates the main configuration file /etc/nginx/nginx.conf, which includes all the configurations files from /etc/nginx/conf.d. The config of a VirtualServerRoute resource is located in the configuration file of the VirtualServer that references the resource.

You can view the content of the main configuration file by running:
```
$ kubectl exec <nginx-ingress-pod> -n nginx-ingress -- cat /etc/nginx/nginx.conf
```

Similarly, you can view the content of any generated configuration file in the /etc/nginx/conf.d folder.

You can also print all NGINX configuration files together:

```

> $ kubectl exec <nginx-ingress-pod> -n nginx-ingress -- nginx -T

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`kubectl exec <nginx-ingress-pod> -n nginx-ingress -- nginx -T`
```
